* **Cool as F*ck and Fast**: Cinematic fiction as if in an action-packed blockbuster or your favourite anime title. Focus on quick resolution, light rules and dramatic outcomes - every dice roll enhances conflict and raises the narrative stakes. Exaggerated cyberpunk setting of the darksynth post-apocalypse megapolis contributes a twisted scenery for the run. Change the Block 04 forever - or at least earn a headline in tonight's news if it slips through Oracle's censor.
* **Innovative-yet-Familiar**: Cyber Hazard combines progressive techniques of the new-school of narrative-focused games with time-proven mechanics and design paradigms of OSR ttrpgs to create an unforgettable mix. The core rules are published as a PWA - much more fun & functionality than pdfs, accessible and available both as an online website and downloadable for offline.
* **Screw Capitalism**: For the game in genre that is literally defined by the horror of the uncontrolled capitalism, it would be f*cking hilarious if it was locked behind pay-wall. Frankly, we are not willing to be THAT meta. So, you may access all of the core contents for free. Enjoy! And consider buying deluxe expansions so that authors have something to eat until the time to change the world order comes.
* **User-Contribution**: Hear me out - the sheer amount of you guys against our small team gonna mean that you can do x10 amount of awesome content. Visit "Open Repository" to check out user-created content or submit your own to be added as an expansion!